hello everyone and this this video video
is going to show you how to identify
fake and authentic monster beats so I
think there's a few ways that we can
tell whether it's fake or not first of
all it's going to be the box the faith
one don't need to scan the original box
and the printed off so the quality and
color is going to be different so now we
have the authentic monster beats studio
you can see dr. and dr. Dre's face so
you can clearly see the neck here awhile
you compare with the fake one so just
look at the screen here yep so there's
like a comparison picture between the
fake and the authentic so the left-hand
side is the authentic one it's brighter
and you can see the neck but with the
fake one you can't see anything it's
very dark okay let's go back to the
product itself okay now we just open the
box as you can see the boxes like a like
a book you can flip it open and it has
got all the original accessories I took
out battery so it has to end the battery
is Joe Cole Joseph Joseph and that's it
should be sealed so that you can tell
it's authentic as well and look at the
accessories nothing strange here
okay let's go and look at the Hat for
yourself I think the other way to tell
whether it's like authentic or fake is
when you open the box I'll pop with the
battery case here sorry mmhmm yeah
that's the battery case see if you
should be able to see the serial number
here I'm just going to cover it but I
think there's like a website can go to
and the serial number in this case yep
you can see the serial number and
entering to the website you should be
able to tell you whether it's fake or
not but just by looking at the material
the quality and you should be able to
tell because fake one think once I made
in small factories in China who don't
have that much to you investing the
equipment so that you just need to look
into the detail and you can see that all
then take one pays attention to details
everything is very clean and looks very
sharp alright that's pretty much it and
thank you for watching